{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red9\green79\blue209;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c40784\c85490;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To use credits associated with your ASu ArcGIS Online account, you will need to be signed in using that account. Since ASU's ArcGIS Online is set to the SAML login, the method for logging in is different. You need to first create an application in your ArcGIS Online account to generate a client id. Then you would use the following to log in:\
\
Once you run the script above, you will be redirected to a site to sign in with your ASURITE credentials. Once you do, a page will pop up with generated code. You'll be prompted to enter that code to finish the log in process. In case anything appears differently, I mostly use Jupyter Notebooks when I'm working with my ASU AGOL account.\
For more detailed sign on information, please see the following information from Esri: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developers.arcgis.com/python/guide/working-with-different-authentication-schemes/#User-authentication-with-OAuth-2.0"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://developers.arcgis.com/python/guide/working-with-different-authentication-schemes/#User-authentication-with-OAuth-2.0}}.\
One thing that I have found is the web address for the sign in page needs to exactly as above. I have had trouble with this in the past.\
Finally, since you will be using credits, you will need to pay close attention to how many your analysis will consume. If you haven't looked at Esri's credit consumption calculator, it will help you plan your usage: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://pro.arcgis.com/en/pro-app/tool-reference/appendices/geoprocessing-tools-that-use-credits.htm#ESRI_SECTION2_5FAF16DB9F044F78AF164A22752A9A7F"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://pro.arcgis.com/en/pro-app/tool-reference/appendices/geoprocessing-tools-that-use-credits.htm#ESRI_SECTION2_5FAF16DB9F044F78AF164A22752A9A7F}}.\
As an MAS-GIS student you have been provided 1,000 credits (10 times the amount given to non-power users). Please review ASU's draft credit policy for more information: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://libguides.asu.edu/esrisoftware/creditpolicy"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://libguides.asu.edu/esrisoftware/creditpolicy}}. We don't want to limit anyone's analysis but we need to ensure credits are available for everyone. At this point, you have 912 credits.}